https://soulridercamp.com/accomodations/94/65/mirissa-surf-hotel/


surf details
https://www.freedomsrilanka.com/


Yala National Park

Go on a Wild Life Safari and explore a beautiful combination of a national park and reservation where leopards, peacocks, elephants, crocodiles, sloth bears, spotted dear, jackals, sambars and other exotic birds call home. 
The best season to visit is between February and July. Taru Villas – Yala makes for the perfect base to explore the Yala National Park,
 as well as Udawalawe and Bundala National Parks as well


Whale and Dolphin watching

Mirissa is one of the perfect spots to sight the largest mammal on earth. 
Whale and dolphin watching has become one of the best things to do in the south and you will find a number of operators around this area offering trips to the Indian Ocean for dolphins, whales, and turtles spotting.
 The best time to visit is from December to March.

Jungle playground Mirissa

If you are traveling with friends or family and are after something a little bit more adventurous but not too far from the beach, you must visit the jungle playground.
 Designed and run by a European couple, it is a unique jungle trail with a range of different obstacles to experience such as jungle bowling, climbing and mini golf


Udawalawa National Park

Explore the elephants, leopards and other exotic birds and reptiles found in this National Park initially created to provide a sanctuary for wild animals displaced by the construction of the Udawalawe Reservoir.
 This park does not have a best time to visit as animals at Udawalawe can be spotted at anytime of the year, including leopards. 
The park has the biggest concentration of Asian elephants in Sri Lanka, so the probabilities of you seeing them are very high.



Galle Fort

Galle Fort, in the Bay of Galle on the southwest coast of Sri Lanka, was built first in 1588 by the Portuguese, then extensively fortified by the Dutch during the 17th century from 1649 onwards. It is a historical, archaeological and architectural heritage monument, which even after more than 423 years maintains a polished appearance, due to extensive reconstruction work done by Archaeological Department of Sri Lanka.

The fort has a colorful history, and today has a multi-ethnic and multi-religious population. The Sri Lankan government and many Dutch people who still own some of the properties inside the fort are looking at making this one of the modern wonders of the world. The heritage value of the fort has been recognized by the UNESCO and the site has been inscribed as a cultural heritage UNESCO World Heritage Site under criteria iv, for its unique exposition of “an urban ensemble which illustrates the interaction of European architecture and South Asian traditions from the 16th to the 19th centuries.

The Galle Fort, also known as the Dutch Fort or the “Ramparts of Galle”, 


Jungle beach

Located west to Unawatuna, Jungle Beach is a pretty bay nestled in a forested area. 
It is one of the secret gems of Sri Lanka which has everything to make your holiday experience one of its kind. 
The place retains its pristine natural charm as it is not ventured by a large number of tourists throughout the year due to its secluded location.

The best time to visit Jungle Beach is during the dry months (December- March). During this time of the year tourists head to the sun bathed beaches for various pleasurable activities.

However, the months between April and November are called as the shoulder season which falls between monsoons. The region experiences a mixed type of weather with alternate sunny and rainy days. 
For rain lovers this is an ideal time to witness the unspoilt beauty of nature in Jungle Beach.



Southern costline travel guide

https://www.backpackadventures.org/sri-lankas-southern-coast/
