Rooms and lifestyle

Budget Single Room
These rooms are great for those individuals who want the best stay at a bargain price. Our single budget rooms are equipped with all the amenities that our other rooms offer. You can enjoy a quiet environment and very private and cozy stay.

Budget Double Room
Be it a couple seeking a romantic stay or two friends looking for a affordable stay, these rooms provide a comfortable stay. These rooms offer basic amenities at a perfect price providing spacious rooms and comfortable beds.

Deluxe King Room with Ocean View
Take in the stunning ocean view from this light, airy and modern in design room. The magnificent  bed and the soft bedding alone give off a buoyant mood.

Superb room
Relax in this Art Deco-style guest room, the prominent feature is a supremely comfy king bed that is the very essence of comfort and a seating area with sofa. Work away at the desk and browse online with Wi-Fi.


Home

~~FOOD AND BEVERAGE

At Bayfront you can sample the freshest and juiciest seafood dishes as well as traditional Sri Lankan and Asian cuisine. Our team of skilled chefs brings together the best local ingredients and expertise to deliver a scrumptious, globally inspired dining experience.~~

~~SPA AND YOGA
Our spa offers a comfort package like no other for revitalizing you. Its unique setting will let you slip into a world of your own along with the stunning view of the ocean. We also offer yoga packages that will help you relax your mind, limbs, and muscles.~~

~~EXPERIENCE BAYFRONT WELIGAMA

Overlooking Mirissa Beach in Sri Lanka, our 3-star beach resort captivates beauty of Sri Lanka and the hospitality of her people. With stylish hotel rooms and suites, our hotel has breathtaking water views, excellent service, and a prime location. Take advantage of surfing lessons by professionals. Indulge yourself at our Spa and entrance your taste buds with superlative offerings from our restaurant and bar. During your stay, explore Galle Dutch Fort, Mirissa Beach, Jungle Beach, and finally the famous Instagram tourist attraction, the Mirissa Coconut Hill. A stay at our hotel is simply heavenly.~~


Dining

~~Restaurant
Beautifully, and lavishly decorated, combined with the low lighting our restaurant can provide the perfect ambience for a delicious meal. You can expect fresh flowers, tasteful artwork, candlelight, classical music, and linen tablecloths and napkins. 
Enjoy the freshest seafood with the hotel's culinary team who will treat you to a expertly prepared meals depicting the island’s culinary identity, with a splash of traditional Sri Lankan and Asian cuisine, using top notch ingredients. 
Our delicious restaurant specializes in freshly brewed coffee, specialty drinks, mouthwatering pastries, light snacks, and decadent desserts.
Appreciate our sophisticated Bar' upbeat ambiance with light restaurant bites, fine wines and cocktails.~~

~~breakfast
The most important meal of the day is provided with both traditional and western options and a fine china pot of Sri Lankan tea to go with.~~

~~lunch
Large amount of delicious, gently spiced dishes in the traditional menu and, mouthwatering seafood and, tasty pasta and spaghetti awaits you at lunch.~~

~~dinner
You can choose from a simple traditional menu or the flavorful soups or delectable spicy kottu to end the day with a full stomach.~~

~~chicken fried salad
Fried chicken salad is the perfect fuse of crispy chicken and fresh vegetables  in  a dressing.~~


Activites

~~Relaxing beaches perfect for summer

As an island nation Sri Lanka does not fall short of beaches to offer. Weligama, where Bayfront is situated, caters to all kinds of beaches - upbeat nightlife beaches, couple retreat beaches, offbeat explorative beaches, adventure beaches, Instagram famous beaches and, some more.

Read More
Mirissa Beach, which is situated quite near to Bayfront is also a laid-back yet adventurous location, where travelers can find a sort of satisfaction that is rare to few destinations only. The Coconut Tree Grove, whales peeping out to say their hellos, the beach shacks, dancing dolphins, and adventurous water sports only add to the attraction.~~

~~Blue whale watching in Sri Lanka.

Mirissa is one of the best Blue whales watching spots in the world. The waters around Mirissa are particularly rich in plankton which whales feed on, which will result in sightings around November to April / May. Mirissa is also one of the few places where swimming with blue whales is allowed.

Read More
Choose your tour company carefully because not all of them are animal or environmentally friendly. Trying to get really close to the whales can frighten them unnecessarily. A good tour company will keep a careful distance from the whales.
Whale watching is a waiting game. Choosing a competent company will help to know what to look out for and the best spots for whale sightings.~~

~~Sea Kayaking

A sea kayak tour is one of the best ways to explore the fabulous Weligama Bay. The surf conditions here between November and April are ideal for a first timers of this exciting sport. This normally takes 4 hours and, on the route,, there is  Mirissa fishing harbor, the clay cliffs of the southern end of the bay and the many reefs and small islands.

Read More

With lush beaches, perfect waves and just the right amount of sun, you can add to your adventure story  the experiences that you will have here. Weligama is one of the best  Sea Kayaking locations in Sri Lanka . Weligama has  ideal surf conditions for beginners and intermediates. It folds itself around a large radiant bay with a wide sandy beach. This kayaking journey will take you out for a full day to experience stunning Weligama Bay.

DETAIL
GUIDED TOUR COST
INCLUDES
WHAT TO BRING
Location: Weligama (25 kilometers east of Galle)
Duration: Full Day
Target Group: All skill levels
Minimum Group: 6

~~White Water Rafting in Kitulgala, Sri Lanka

Try White Water Rafting in the scenic Kelani River, covering major rapids and  minor rapids. This activity is only for people above the age of 10 years. You will be provided with safety gear, modern rafts, and a extensive safety briefing by instructors . The route covers distance of about 5 km. The river and its surrounding will mesmerize you.

Read More

Starting off the slopes of Adam’s Peak, the crystalline waters of the Kelani River weave its way through the Hill Country of Sri Lanka before flowing into the Indian Ocean. Your adventure will start in Kitulgala about 1.5 hours from Ceylon Tea Trails. After a safety briefing that meets international safety standards, and a few pointers on rafting technique, you will jump right into the action. Seven high quality, class III rapids and warm water make a top-notch introduction to the sport or an exciting pick for proficient rafters.

~~Rural Bike Ride

Cycle through the Weligama countryside in scenic back roads, experiencing the tranquility of a typical Sri Lankan village life.
It is unique experience in Sri Lanka, and you may not experience any other part of the island.

Read More

Experience the coastal country life up close riding through lush rice paddies, rubber, and cinnamon estates. Start the ride from the hotel and pedal along the cycling trail of total distance of 15km through rural homes, historical buildings, and points of interests such as 'kadey'(small local boutique), lake covered with lotuses and water lilies, and coastal beaches. Have a coconut drink from the local shop or experience the hospitality of the locals. ~~

~~The best turtle hatchery in Sri Lanka

Watching turtles are one of most riveting things that can be done. Koggala, Habaraduwa, Weligama are famous places for laying eggs and conservators care for those eggs until baby turtles come out and ready to be released to the sea. The Southern Sri Lanka is turtles' finest place for laying eggs and that is why those turtle conservation projects are carried on. You can also take part in this wonderful venture and save many sea turtles. Not only will you be able to get up close but also to release adorable baby turtles back into the ocean!

Read More

Sea turtles are extraordinary creatures that have drastically declining population due to human interferences. Many have taken steps to establish conservation centers around the world. 
Mirissa, Kosgoda and Tangalle are amongst the other south coast destinations where one can see conservation efforts to save some of the sea turtle species nesting on the island’s beaches such as the Green Turtle, the Olive Ridley, Hawksbill, Loggerhead, and the giant Leatherback which is the largest sea turtle species in the world.



